fix: Fix `Poll.to_dict` and add better types (#3261)
Pycord-Development/pycord: CHANGELOG.md

  ([#3231](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3231))
- Allow `ForumTag` to be created without an emoji.
  ([#3245](https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord/pull/3245))

> - Fix `TypeError` in `Poll.to_dict` for closed polls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix a type error in `Poll.to_dict()` for closed polls.
```
